Documenting custom materializations (#5211)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Docs/documenting-macros.md

```

</File>

## Document a custom materialization

When you create a [custom materialization](/guides/create-new-materializations), dbt creates an associated macro with the following format:
```
materialization_{materialization_name}_{adapter}
```

> To document a custom materialization, use the format above to determine the associated macro name(s) to document.

Reviewer: removig the word 'above' for accessibility. spatial descriptions like "above" can be confusing for people who rely on screen readers or have difficulty understanding spatial relationships. 

```suggestion
To document a custom materialization, use the previously mentioned format to determine the associated macro name(s) to document.
```
